Adds security-privacy questionnaire (#1205)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: AtRuleFeatureDetection/security-privacy-questionnaire.md

# Security and Privacy Questionnaire for `@supports at-rule`

- _What information does this feature expose, and for what purposes?_

>     The feature exposes support of CSS "at-rules". This is important as it can allow authors to rely on graceful degradation of their pages. The `@supports` rule already allows to detect CSS properties, and the `at-rule()` feature aims to allow to detection for at-rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The feature exposes the browser's set of supported CSS "at-rules". This is important as it can allow authors to implement graceful degradation of their pages. The `@supports` rule already allows authors to feature-detect CSS properties, and the `at-rule()` feature aims to allow feature detection for at-rules.
```
